Add CONTRIBUTING guide (#21)
PHPCSStandards/PHP_CodeSniffer-documentation: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the title above. -->

<!--
IMPORTANT:
PRs should be small and atomic and should only focus on one thing.
There should generally only be one commit per PR for changes to the Wiki.

If your PR is making multiple distinct changes, please split it now and submit multiple PRs instead.
-->

# Description
<!--
What do you want to achieve with this PR? What problem does this PR solve?
Describe your changes in detail and, if relevant, explain which choices you have made and why.
-->

## Related issues/external references

Fixes #

## PR checklist
<!-- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
- [ ] I have checked there is no other PR open for the same change.
- [ ] I have read the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/PHPCSStandards/PHP_CodeSniffer-documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I grant the project the right to include my changes under the BSD-3-Clause license (and I have the right to grant these rights).
- [ ] I have verified that my changes comply with the projects coding standards.
- [ ] \[When adding a new Wiki page\] I have added the new page to the `_Sidebar.md` file.

> - [ ] \[When adding/updating output examples\] I have verified via the GitHub Actions artifact that the preprocessing handles the command correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] \[When adding/updating output examples\] I have verified via the GitHub Actions artifact that the pre-processing handles the command correctly.
```
